added cfn submit section to README (#576)
aws-cloudformation/cloudformation-cli: README.md

cfn generate
```

### Command: submit

> To register a resource provider, use the `submit` command. This will prepare necessary artifacts to register a resource in your AWS account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To register a resource provider in your account, use the `submit` command. 
```

> To submit resource providers package for registration, use the `submit` command. This will prepare necessary artifacts to register a resource AWS account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To register a resource provider, use the `submit` command. This will prepare necessary artifacts to register a resource in your AWS account.
```

```bash
cfn submit

> cfn submit --dry-run #prepares .zip artifact without submitting for registration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cfn submit --dry-run #prepares schema handler package without submitting for registration
```
